Details for Database init using backup (#42)
testinprod-io/op-erigon: README.md

curl -L -o "backup.tar.gz" https://backup.goerli.op-erigon.testinprod.io
tar -zcvf backup.tar.gz
```

> After untaring, you will get a folder named `chaindata` which contains two files: `mdbx.dat` and `mdbx.lck`. Move `chaindata` to your folder and use your folder as datadir(`$DATADIR`) for erigon. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After untaring, you will get a folder named `chaindata` which contains two files: `mdbx.dat` and `mdbx.lck`. Create a directory, move `chaindata` to the directory, and use the directory as a datadir(`$DATADIR`) for erigon. For example,
```
